##### Daily Tasks (Wednesday)

- [ ] Work on the Clover QA corrections.
- [x] Understand the QA.
- [ ] Reliance Digital Scraper


##### Clover Daily Report QA Issues

1. Overall Level - Competition wise CHL Status
	- [ ] Significant Difference in Percentage value.
	- [ ] Solution : Check the data.
2. Top Products with Significant Drop in Competitiveness.
	- [ ] Amla record wrong comp, median price.
	- [ ] Solution : Maybe issue is with join, so check the join.
3. Top Products with Significant Increase/Decrease in Competition Price.
	- [x] Issues with a few records.
	- [x] The output should be in average, however, median was taken. So will take the average now.
	- [x] Also, in the difference wrt prv tag, the prv tag is the tag when the product was last available, however, we should not be taking instances when the product was not available in the previous tag, so we will not be selecting those instances where the product for a particular competitor is out of stock for the last time tag.
4. Price of Top Products.
	- [ ] Check the data for the records where there are wrong values.
5. Stockout
	- [x] Take custom list of competitors to find the competitor list.

##### Checks with Manual Report
- [x] Overall Level - Clover Stock Status across Categories.
- [x] Overall Level - Competition Wise CHL Status
- [x] Category wise CHL Insights for Top Products.
- [ ] Top Products with Significant Drop in Competitiveness.
- [x] Top Products with Highest Volatility of Stock across Competition.
- [x] Top Products with Significant Increase/Decrease in Competition Price.
- [ ] Price of Top Products.